(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Two more duelists
are about to dance
with Yugo taking on Sylvio
Sawatari!
Let's duel!
Here goes!
I Synchro Summon! Clear Wing
Sychro Dragon!
(roaring)
(Melissa)
Yugo just Synchro Summoned in
record time!
That Dragon's
awful powerful,
and it looks like it's got a
nasty temper, too!
Back to you, Sylvio!
(Melissa)
Just look at how Yugo
and Sylvio
are jostling
for position!
What's going on, Odd‐Eyes?
Why are you glowing?
I activate the spell Abyss Prop
Wild Wagon!
Clear Wing, take flight and
finish off this fight!
Huh?
Spin Storm Sky Strike!
(Melissa)
What a duel!
Yugo pulled off
one doozy of a win!
Huh?
(thinking)
What happened?
It's like I was dueling...
Now come along.
Show's over.
Wait, come along where?
Let me go!
Remove your hands!
No!
Not you, too!
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Let me go, you goons!
I demand to know where you
gorillas are taking me!
I would have
told you earlier,
but you didn't say
the magic word.
Pretty please!
Everybody who loses a duel
gets sent to the underground,
and it's always
a one‐way trip.
Well, I only travel first class,
so I'm not going!
I‐‐ I refuse!
You can't do this to me!
Yeah, well, we're doing it.
And if I was you, I'd learn
the rules and follow 'em.
What rules?
The rules you need
to get by.
So if you don't wanna be
dumpster diving,
pay attention,
or pay the consequences!
How about I just pay you to
reverse this ride
and let me slide?
(sinister laugh)
And ruin all the fun?
Not a chance.
Now, say hello to your
new home away from home.
Better face facts, friend.
You've fallen hard.
You're in the basement now.
The last, pitiful stop for
New Domino City's
losers, misfits
and malcontents.
Any dreams you may have had of a
better life are up in smoke now.
But you see, this ain't
rock bottom,
'cause' no matter how low you
go, there's somebody 'round
that's looking to bring you
down even lower.
If you think it's hot now,
well it can get hotter.
And the funk?
Oh, the funk can get funkier.
So if you want to impress,
might I suggest you toss your
losing ways,
'cause this is the proverbial
tip of the trash heap.
There's a long way to fall, and
you ain't got no parachute.
You keep on dueling and losing,
there's no telling how low
you'll go.
I... want out!
Huh?
Send me back up.
That Yuya got lucky, but next
time I'll beat him.
And when I do, I'll be
a Duel Chaser again!
I'm afraid that's not
the way it works, my friend.
Sure, I'm the guy that
got the connections
to help you fly the coop,
but you had your shot
and you wasted it.
No! Please!
I'm begging you!
Give me one more chance!
Too late, copper!
The only way to get topside
is to start winning some duels
down here, you dig?
But it's not gonna be no
walk in the park.
The competition's just as tough
as upstairs,
and they'll crush you
just as hard.
Now if you want to get
another audience
with the Sultan of Swank,
start winning some duels.
Now get out of my sight!
(Gong)
Stop right there!
Tell your thugs
to let him go, Lucas!
Well, if it isn't the
legendary Hero Chojiro.
And if I'm not mistaken, it's
Dashing Dennis' right‐hand man,
Gong the Goon, correct?
Sorry I hadn't had the
opportunity to welcome you two.
So how about I make it up to you
with a very special offer?
You two beat everyone of my boys
here in a duel,
and I'll see about sending you
back above ground.
Have your pack of punks gang up
so they pulverize us?
That's exactly the kind of
"special offer"
I'd expect from a sleazy,
slimy snake like you!
Come on, now.
I'm just trying to cut you
all some kindness.
There usually ain't no
exit door from this place,
but if you can show me
you got the skill to thrill,
I could be persuaded to
present you with an opportunity
to escape your situation
in a manner
that anyone here would do
anything to have.
Huh?
You appreciated it
when I gave you
the same chance to duel
your way out of here.
The problem was that
you underestimated
the competition, right?
You said, and I quote,
"Throw as many Commons
at me as you want,
but they can't win
'cause I'm a Topsider."
(moans)
(thud)
Maybe the two of you
can avoid
making the same mistake he did.
You got a lot of nerve,
you cheesy lowlife!
Who are you?
You told Gong that
you were a promoter,
but all you seem
to be promoting is pain.
Well, you see...
I'm also a refuse reclamation
entrepreneur.
Refuse recla‐what?
Refuse is trash.
Are you saying we're trash?
Not me.
The powers that be are the ones
who throw away duelists
who lose in the Friendship Cup.
They're the ones
who say you're trash.
But me, I know that even in
a mountain of junk,
sometimes you can find
a hidden gem,
and that's exactly
what I'm doing here.
Looking 'round for gems.
What happens
when you find 'em?
Do you send 'em to battle
in that underground
duel arena of yours?
How could I not?
But the diamonds?
I take them straight
to the boss.
Who's the boss?
A man who's all power
and no cower,
the Director of Security.
Jean Michel Roget.
Let Gong get this straight.
You're in cahoots with the
Director of Security?
Whenever there's a raid on the
underground duel arena,
Mr. Roget lets me know
in advance,
so I'm able to avoid
incarceration.
In return, I supply him with
what he wants.
You provide the Director
with the best duelists
and he lets you go about
your business.
I think the both of you
are disgusting.
Why does he take 'em, Swank?
I never asked,
and Mr. Roget doesn't say.
All I know is the boss wants
all the tough duelists
I can get for him.
You know that duelist they call
Sergei from the Friendship Cup?
He's one of the discoveries
I presented as a gift to
Mr. Roget.
Now, let me introduce
the duelists
about to lock horns in today's
third exciting matchup!
So please stand up and stomp
your spurs
for New Domino's Damon
Lopez and Sergei Volkoff!
The dueling dynamo Damon is
entering first!
(laughs)
And coming up fast
is the dangerous and
diabolicalSergei!
Not that Sergei.
It's got to be him.
(Lucas)
They call him the Dueling
Destroyer.
When I found Sergei, he was, uh,
very well known in the City.
Sergei didn't care if a
duelist was a pro or an amateur.
Long as they had skills, he'd
challenge 'em and destroy
'em.
After his last rampage,
it took half of Security to
bring him down.
But even in The Facility,
he couldn't be contained.
Finally, they sent him down to
the underground.
When Sergei got here, I made him
the same offer I'm making you.
He accepted and beat 50
of my top men.
50 duelists?
All by himself?
It was a feat worthy of
a call to Roget.
And, boy, did I make
Roget's day!
He brought Sergei back up top
lickety split.
Destroy your foes,
my knight.
And soon my dreams
will become a reality.
Damon versus Sergei?
That leaves two remaining
duelists to battle:
Shay and Dennis.
Interesting.
Since this duel doesn't
involve a Lancer,
I hope you won't mind if I
step out for a few moments.
That's fine, Declan, but where
is it you're going?
Out for a breath of fresh air.
That's crazy!
Sergei's brain is all bot, but
his brawn's flesh and bones?
(Lucas) I'm just saying
what some people say.
He's programmed to destroy
every duelist like a machine.
And remember:
this guy used to be a wild,
ruthless criminal.
But now he does whatever the
Director directs him to do.
He's totally under his
control, like a robot.
So Roget can
control people.
Yeah. It's like he has
a technology
that's out of this world.
Huh?
Maybe he got it
from that place
you were blabbing about
before Dennis's elbow
went kung fu on you.
We came from
the Standard Dimension
to the Synchro Dimension.
Uhh!
You nearly broke a rib!
Could be, could be not.
Yeah, seems very unlikely.
Then again, Roget is a very
unlikely person.
One day, he just showed up,
and before you could say
"New Domino"
he had the High Council eating
out of his hands.
They made Roget the top dog of
Sector Security,
and he's been barking orders
ever since.
Let's get this rodeo
rocking and those runners
rolling!
(computer)
Duel Mode engaged.
Autopilot standing by.
(Melissa)
On your mark...
Get set...
Go!
Let's duel!
So if this Roget ain't from
around these parts...
then Gong reckons he might've
done some dimension hopping!
(explosion)
(Melissa)
I'll be!
Damon's devastatingly
dangerous Alien Shocktrooper
just demolished the last of
Sergei's monsters!
Now Sergei's been left
wide open!
I expected a fight from you,
Sergei.
Truth is I've had tougher
battles with a hangnail!
(crowd shouting)
Sergei's done!
Getting caught by Security must
have took all the destroying
out of the big, bad Dueling
Destroyer!
You think so?
We'll see.
Roget's good for business,
so I'm good with Roget.
Weren't for him, I'd have
been locked up long ago.
Least I can do is pick
through the trash here
and find him the best duelists
I can.
He's the reason I can make you
my offer.
Just beat all the duelist's
down here,
and I'll get you back up top.
I'm giving you
the best opportunity
you're gonna get to
get above ground again.
But if you don't think you can
handle it...
Chojiro can handle it
just fine!
If you don't want to
wind up here forever,
you better take a shot.
Oh, no!
They sent you here
for helping me escape?
I wish I could
make it up to you!
If you really wanna make it up,
take us on in a duel.
That way, at least one of us
might get out of here.
But when Roget finds out
that we won the battle,
it ain't gonna be you!
You lousy...
You think you could beat me,
you ungrateful little rat?
Calm down! This isn't gonna
help us get outta here!
I can beat both of you
talentless pipsqueaks without
even breaking a sweat!
Let me go, Gong, let me go!
I'm the one
who's getting out!
I can go topside if
I beat you all, right?
Well, that's just what I'm
prepared to do!
Now, who wants to be
loser number one?
Sylvio!
This boy sounds like he really
means business.
And that means more business
for me.
All right!
This battle was a breeze!
Second round, here I come!
(cheering)
Oh, man.
This isn't what dueling
should be.
They're just rooting for Sergei
to get what he deserves
and get sent underground.
I wish...
I had gotten through to them.
If what you heard
is correct,
then Roget must have
come from...
Duel Academy in
the Fusion Dimension.
Huh?
Nicely done.
Continue gathering information
from underground.
Observe and report back to me
how the Lancers are doing.
I will.
Wait. Don't go yet.
I...
I, uh...
Be gritty!
Just wanna say that I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Moon Shadow,
and I'm sorry, Declan.
Sorry for what?
I was the one who was supposed
to duel in the Friendship Cup,
but you made Moon Shadow duel
for me and got in trouble.
Bowing out of your duel only
made it easier for Moon Shadow
to gain access to the
underground.
It still doesn't make it okay
that I was rooting for
Moon Shadow to lose.
Why would you root
against him?
Because he's better than me.
Your moves were awesome and you
were in the lead...
And I got scared,
that if he won you'd like him
more than me.
I wanted to be someone
Declan could count on,
like Moon Shadow.
And, maybe someday,
I'm gonna be.
If you've got the stuff, kid,
then don't be afraid
to use it.
'Cause when you do,
there won't be anybody
who'll be able to stop you.
I'm gonna be a super‐amazing
duelist like you two.
And Yuya.
And Yuya?
(shouting on TV)
Huh?
Damon?
(Melissa, on P. A.)
What a come‐from‐behind
victory!
I hope the boy's okay.
I'm not sure how what just
happened happened.
I can't believe Sergei won.
Damon was so far ahead
of him!
Yeah, Sergei was getting
destroyed until
a few seconds ago!
It appears
the Dueling Destroyer
hasn't lost his
destroying ways after all.
That duel was too easy.
Not enough to satisfy his
appetite.
(Melissa, on P. A.) I‐I
don't know how he did it,
but in a dramatic
come‐from‐behind victory,
Damon is out,
and the winner is
the Dueling Destroyer,
Sergei Volkoff!
Another duelist sent away to
work away in the underground.
(knock on door)
Huh?
Who is it?
Moon Shadow.
Moon Shadow?
How did you escape from
the underground?
How's everyone doing?
Don't worry.
So far, we're all doing fine.
That's great.
I was worried.
I can't believe you all
found a way to escape.
Did you crawl through
the pipes?
No, we did not.
And it is only I who escaped.
You mean, my friends
aren't with you? Why not?
The purpose of my mission
is not to rescue the Lancers.
is to gather up
as much information as I can
from the underground.
Your mission?
Your mission should be about
saving my friends!
Declan doesn't care about us,
right?
How could someone
be so selfish!
On the contrary.
Huh?
He cares very much.
We are finding connections
between this world and Fusion.
Their forces can
trap us into cards,
and Declan doesn't want that
to happen to the Lancers.
So for now, the underground is
the safest place for them to be.
I hope you're right.
You must trust that I am.
I'll be back with an update
on your friends.
Just make sure you do
whatever it takes
to win the Friendship Cup.
That's what Declan wants.
Riley wants that as well.
You saw Riley?
Yuya sees that something is
wrong with this world.
Yuya thinks that dueling's
about having fun.
But the people around here only
care about winning and losing.
So if Yuya wants to change their
minds, he's gotta be a winner.
He's gotta be...
a winner,
just as awesome as Jack Atlas!
It's the only way he'll be
able to get through to them.
Nobody cared about Jack when
he was from the Commons.
He was just down there,
miserable, dreaming his dreams,
but then he got gritty,
and before you knew it,
he rose to the top
and started putting up W's
and then won the Friendship Cup.
He was everyone's hero,
so they listened to whatever
he had to say.
The only way people are
going to listen to Yuya
is if he wins
the Friendship Cup
to get the chance to duel
against Jack!
And if he beats Jack, then
he'll be everyone's new
hero.
And they'll listen to
what he has to say.
I can't believe Riley
said all that.
I don't...
I don't want to
let Riley down,
but Jack beat me like I was
nothing in our duel.
I used to think
I could take him,
but I'm just not sure I can
swing things my way.
I think I know what
Jack Atlas would suggest.
If you've got the stuff, kid,
then don't be afraid
to use it.
'Cause when you do,
there won't be anybody
who'll be able to stop you.
(gasps)
You're right.
The only way to show what
dueling's really about
is to seize the spotlight!
And the best way to do that is
for me defeat Jack Atlas.
I've been having a hard time
believing I could,
but not anymore!
Do one thing for me,
Moon Shadow.
Tell Riley thanks
and I'll do my best.
I'll win and show this city
what dueling's really about!
I will not.
(gasps)
Riley has already gone back
with Declan
and is locked in council
headquarters.
I must return underground to
continue my mission.
Huh? Just a sec...
I have a mission for you.
I think it's only close to
impossible.
Huh?
(gasps)
This is Yuya's handwriting.
(Yuya's voice)
"Dear Zuzu.
"It stinks that I can't see you
in person,
"but I know you're doing
just fine.
"Hope you're enjoying
the food!
"Sure beats the burnt waffles
"your dad makes for us on
Waffle Wednesdays.
"I do miss the sweet syrup he
drowns them in, though.
"Oh, and speaking of sweet,
"nice duel, by the way.
"You looked like a natural on
that Runner.
"Maybe we can bring one back
with us when we get home.
"That's right.
"I'm gonna make sure we get
back home, no matter what.
"But first, I have to
get through to the people
of this city.
"It's a lot tougher than I
thought it would be.
"I can't believe that
everyone's okay
"with sending people away
forever.
"I hoped I could remind everyone
that dueling's
"about having fun and smiling,
"but it's hard to do
when I'm having
"a hard time smiling
and having fun myself.
"Losing to Jack was the worst,
"but seeing you duel and
entertain the crowd
"turned things around for me.
"When we all left
to look for you,
"I made a promise to everyone
that I'd find you,
"save the galaxy and bring you
home safe and sound.
"Well, the first part's done.
"Now I just have to work on the
safe and sound.
"And that goes for Gong and
Sylvio and everyone else!
"'Cause I'm not gonna
abandon any of my friends!
"I'll leave this world a place
where everyone can smile again.
"And then we can all
go back home...
and have some of your dad's
burnt waffles!"
Yum, yum.
I promise to take
center stage, Zuzu,
by winning the Friendship Cup,
swinging the crowd my way
and bringing smiles back to the
hearts of everyone!